Swear to me that
everything you said
about the Fireflies is true.
I swear.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Okay.
[sighs]
[sniffles]
[birds chirping]
[♪ gentle music playing]
[giraffes softly grunting]
[♪ gentle music continues]
[Manny]
Why would he do this?
I heard rumors.
It was some kid he took
that was supposedly...
- That wasn't true.
- Supposedly what?
Something not true.
Because it isn't possible.
[Nora]
No. Probably not.
And even if it were. it
doesn't fucking matter anyway.
- Not without...
- Enough.
You want to worry about
something. worry about us.
So. what do we do?
Do we look for other Fireflies?
Where?
This place was the Fireflies.
Ed has a brother
who runs an outfit in Seattle.
A guy named Isaac.
Supposedly. he'd take us all in.
[Abby]
Not until we find Joel.
We're finding him.
Yes. we are.
Alright. let's talk about how.
Because here's what we got.
He's a smuggler.
His name's Joel or Joe.
There's some confusion
about that...
Fifties. graying. beard.
six foot tall.
scar on his right temple.
[chuckling] Oh. yeah.
They say he's handsome.
I forgot.
With a three-day jump on us.
We should have gone
right after him.
He drove away. Abby.
In our only working vehicle.
And we were trying
to save the wounded.
But we didn't save anyone.
did we?
- It's not fucking fair.
- No.
None of this is fucking fair.
- [Owen] Abby.
- [Nora sighs]
Maybe...
maybe the Seattle crew
has resources.
They could help us
get some sort of lead.
[sighs]
You'll help me find him.
Yes.
We'll help you find him.
Then. we'll help you kill him.
[exhales deeply]
[♪ solemn music playing]
[sighs]
[exhales sharply]
[♪ music fades out]
Slowly.
[Owen] What?
When we kill him...
we kill him slowly.
[♪ pensive theme music playing]
[♪ theme concludes]
[Caleb and Ellie grunting]
[thuds]
[Ellie coughs]
- [Caleb] Get up.
- [panting]
[♪ tense music playing]
[Ellie grunting]
[both grunting]
- [Ellie exclaiming]
- Come on. let's go.
[grunting and shouting
continues]
[grunting continues]
- [Ellie thuds]
- [both panting]
[choking. grunting]
[Ellie yelling]
[Caleb yells]
[both grunting]
[banging]
[Jesse]
Okay. Okay.
- [banging]
- [Jesse] Ellie!
[both panting]
Boom. motherfucker.
First of all. "okay" means stop.
Sorry. I was in the moment.
Second. you can't
"Boom. motherfucker" people
who land the first hit on you.
Square in the face. by the way.
Well. I can obviously take
a punch. so who cares?
- Fuckin' hard. by the way.
- I pulled it.
- You... you pulled it?
- Uh. yeah. he pulled it.
- Why?
- 'Cause I told him to.
- Otherwise. he would have knocked you out.
And I don't want to have
to explain that to Joel.
- Don't do that again.
- Okay.
I should've closed in faster on
that one. but the rest was good.
The rest was good.
You. uh. are you going
to the thing tonight?
Don't we have to?
'Cause community and shit?
[chuckles] Oh. you're part
of the community now?
[Caleb laughing]
Seriously. though. if you are.
we could use
an extra pair of hands
breaking down firewood
for the cookout.
[water splashing]
Don't pull punches.
[horses whinnying]
[♪ light music playing]
[people chattering]
[birds chirping]
- [people chattering]
- [hammers clanking]
[table saw whirring]
[pieces clinking]
[Dina]
Oh. Well. that's fucked.
[distant hammering.
whirring continue]
[door opens]
[blowing]
[door shuts]
[footsteps approaching]
[Dina] Hey.
Hey. kiddo.
[Dina sighs]
Somethin' go wrong out there?
Well. uh. the main lines
are clay.
all cracked to shit
and full of roots.
We're not sure what
we're supposed to do.
and our foreman
isn't foreman-ing.
Oh.
Yeah. sorry.
I'll be out there in a minute.
- Whatcha doin'?
- Fixing these breakers.
They were gonna
chuck the whole panel.
but all they need
is new springs.
[chair scraping]
Teach me?
Okay.
Uh. well...
First thing first.
before you mess with circuits.
you gotta check
if the wires are live.
So. how do you do that?
I...
lick them?
Voltage tester.
[tapping]
Now. this right here
is the part that matters.
Bimetallic strip.
Too much current runs through.
heats up the strip.
it bends. releases the lever?
Circuit breaks.
Otherwise. the wires
get hotter and hotter.
lights the inside
of your walls on fire.
There goes your house.
- Can I ask a question?
- Shoot.
Why is she angry at you?
- She said she was angry?
- No. but...
You're her best friend.
reckon she would have told you.
[sighs] Nope.
[♪ gentle music playing]
Well. I figure it's normal.
Her bein' 19 and me
bein' her... what I am.
No one likes their parents
at that age.
I never got there
with my own kid.
so we're both just figuring
it out for the first time. is all.
We'll get through it.
Yeah. that makes sense.
- So. the springs hold the
levers back... - The thing is. I try.
I know I'm a hard-ass
and maybe overprotective.
and she's...
her. but...
I mean. what did I do?
I don't know.
Yeah. well...
I can't hold myself responsible
for another person's
emotional state.
Are you in fucking therapy?
[chuckles] Holy shit.
you're seeing Gail?
I'm not in therapy.
Jesus. go...
go fix the main line.
Saw out the cracked parts.
pull the roots and we'll fill
in the gaps with some ABS.
- Go on.
- [sighs]
[sucks teeth]
It'll be okay.
Dina.
Don't tell anyone
I'm in therapy.
[door opens. closes]
[wind blowing]
[faint clicking]
[gunshot blasts]
[Ellie laughs]
[Tommy laughing]
Oh. shit.
This scope is sick.
[chuckles] It ain't the scope.
it's the shooter.
- You're gettin' good.
- Who's next?
Let's see.
Ah. okay.
There's a cluster of 'em
up by the road.
- One's broken away. you see him?
- See him.
- Alright. you wanna take your time with this one.
- [sniffles]
It's further away. so more drop.
He's going uphill.
so you gotta compensate.
Head shot?
- Always.
- [breathes deeply]
[groaning]
[raspy breaths]
- [gunshot]
- [yelps. screeches]
- Ah. fuck.
- Nah.
It's alright.
you got him anyway.
I guess.
A lot of them out there.
Yeah. I noticed.
Probably followin' down
Route 89.
- Maybe comin' outta Alpine.
- Mm.
We should head back.
I wanna get a patrol out there.
Cool. I'll do that run.
Actually. uh. I'm takin' you
off patrols for a bit.
Puttin' you on gate watch.
Gate watch?
What? Why?
[groaning] Oh.
'Cause it's an important job.
It's standing
on a fucking fence.
He's concerned about you.
Unfucking real.
Well. you know. last run.
you were a bit reckless.
It was two runners and a
Clicker who barely had teeth.
I handled it.
Isn't that the job?
You wandered off
on your own. Ellie.
- We have rules for reasons.
- Oh. please. Dina does this shit
all the time. no one's putting
her on the fucking fence.
Tommy. I'm an adult.
He can't tell me
what I can and can't do.
- Yeah. well. he can tell me.
- [sighs]
Look. I've been dealin'
with him my whole life.
Sometimes.
easier to just go along.
I don't care if it's easier.
It's not fair.
And by the way.
you know I'm the one
we should be least worried about
when it comes to infected.
Hey. no.
You swore.
We don't talk about that.
I got bit on my arm.
Ellie. we don't talk about that.
- I got bit. everybody!
- Hey!
- I got bit!
- Hey! Hey. hey!
I'm immune!
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Hey!
- Whoo!
- Jesus.
- Goddammit.
- [Ellie panting]
I swear. you and my brother?
Same goddamn fuckin' person.
Well. if we're the same person.
you know
you're not winning this.
Put me on the patrol.
[sighs]
Alpine run leaves at 1300.
[♪ light guitar music playing]
Now. you follow the rules.
You obey your captain.
- [sighs]
- No questions. no exceptions.
Well. that depends.
Who's the captain?
- Ellie.
- Okay. fine. Whatever.
I'll do it by the book.
♪
[rider]
Easy girl. Come on.
- Open it up!
- [metal clanking]
[people chattering]
[Joel]
These three will be done
by next day or so.
- [imitates airplane] - Then
another day to hook up sewage.
Now. y'all wanted the library
and the school
restored by spring.
But they both need new roofs.
With the manpower that we have.
I... I don't see any of this
gettin' done until summer.
This window isn't keepin'
the cold out anymore.
Yeah. yeah. Caulk.
It's high up on my list.
Uh. we've been using a ton of it
to restore the new. uh...
- We need to build faster.
- Faster?
Sure. How much faster?
See. we got this. uh. dial.
uh. called the Constructo meter.
- Joel.
- The more you turn it. the faster we go.
We're running out of space
to put these people.
Yeah. I noticed.
Maybe your. uh. council
would stop lettin'
so many of 'em in.
[Maria] It's our council.
And those people are fleeing
collapsed settlements.
They're fleeing infected. We're
supposed to leave them out there?
If our lifeboat is swamped.
yeah. we leave 'em out there.
[sighs] If I could.
I'd let 'em all in.
And I'm workin'
every damn day and night
to make more space.
you know that.
But you got to look
after your own first.
or you're no good to anyone.
[footsteps approaching]
- Uncle Joel.
- Hey. buddy.
- What are those?
- Come here.
[grunting]
Okay. we're lookin' at maps.
See?
- This is where we live.
- [Benji] Mm-hmm.
- And what's that?
- [Benji] The fence.
- And what's inside?
- [Benji] People!
- And what's outside?
- Monsters.
That's right.
And how do we keep 'em out?
- We shoot them.
- [Joel] What do you mean. "we"?
[whispering]
Are you shootin' monsters?
- No.
- Are you shootin' monsters?
- [chuckling] No.
- You are. You are.
- Hey.
- You're shootin' monsters!
- [laughing]
- Daddy!
[Tommy]
There he is! Killer!
Yeah. [chuckles]
I missed you. boy.
Hey.
Mm.
What y'all up to?
Well. your wife wants me
to build faster.
Did you tell her
about the big dial?
[scoffs] Yeah. he told me.
Come here. baby.
[chuckles] Ah!
You're getting so big.
- You huntin'. or...?
- [sighs] Infected.
What? By yourself?
Uh-huh. yeah.
I gotta go.
You keep gettin'
those monsters. Benji.
- [Benji imitating gunshots]
- Oh! [grunts] Oh!
Oh! Oh. you got me.
- You got me.
- [Benji chuckles]
[Maria] Joel.
You were a refugee too.
[♪ soft music playing]
[fire crackling]
[knocking]
[Gail] It's open.
I'll be right there.
[dishes clinking in other room]
[♪ soft music continues]
[Gail] Do you want
anything to drink?
What do you have?
Whiskey.
Herbal tea.
But the tea's mostly
thistles and dirt. so...
[glasses clinking]
What's the occasion?
It's my birthday.
Well. you wanna start or what?
Shake and stems.
What am I. in high school?
[Joel]
It's winter. Gail.
That never stopped Eugene.
January. February.
the man would grow buds
the size of pinecones.
Sticky as glue.
Payment accepted.
[timer clicking]
Didn't know psychiatrists
were allowed to drink
in these things.
[Gail]
Psychotherapist.
Psychiatrists are the pill ones.
And. no. we're not allowed
to drink in these things.
But I woke up
this morning feeling sad.
It's my first birthday
without my husband in 41 years.
Tick. tick. tick.
Well. I tried what you said.
I backed off.
I stopped
puttin' pressure on her.
Don't even make her sit down
with me for dinner anymore.
And what do I get for it?
Nothin'.
She comes home. shuts herself
in the damn garage.
which I should never have
allowed her to move into.
And that's it.
Not so much as a hello.
I see her around town.
Gives me a nod
like I'm a stranger
or some asshole.
Even Dina asked me today.
"What's wrong with her?"
I mean. everyone can tell.
Now. that one.
That one treats me
like a human being.
She talks to me. says "Hello."
gives me a smile.
looks up to me.
makes me feel like
I'm a good guy. which I am.
See. Dina understands me.
Like she's my kid or somethin'.
But she's not.
Mm. neither is Ellie.
Tell you what.
Let's try something different.
- Like what?
- [groans] Like not pretending
you have the most boring
problem in the world.
[mocking]
"Oh. a 19-year-old daughter.
"She's acting toward me like
every 19-year-old daughter
has ever acted
toward their dad. ever."
What is this. our fifth session?
Are you just gonna keep
grouching on like this every time?
Aren't you supposed to be
validating me or somethin'?
Oh. yeah. actually. I am.
Uh. but I'm not
gonna do it anymore
because you're lying to me.
- and it's exhausting.
- [scoffs]
Yes. you are. Joel.
Yes. you are.
I've done this
long enough to know
when somebody is leaving
something out.
And you are definitely
leaving something out.
And you want me
to validate that?
No.
In fact. fuck. no.
- That's not your first one of the day.
- Oh. no. it isn't.
And before.
when I said I was sad.
that wasn't true either.
I'll just come back another day.
Should I say it out loud?
Yeah. I should.
You can't heal something
unless you're brave enough
to say it out loud.
[whispering] I'm scared though.
[chuckles softly]
I'm scared to say it.
Which is why I have to.
You shot and killed my husband.
[sighs]
You killed Eugene.
And I resent you for it.
No.
Maybe a little more than that.
I hate you for it.
And. yes. I know
you had no choice.
I know that.
I know I should forgive you.
Well. I've tried. and I can't...
because of how you did it.
And looking at your face
sitting in our home...
makes me so fucking angry.
There it is.
I've said it.
I'm ashamed.
But it's in the air
and I can't take it back.
And now. maybe there's a chance
I can make things
right with you.
Your turn.
Say the thing
you're afraid to say.
I can help you.
Say it out loud.
no matter what it is.
No matter how bad.
I promise. I will help.
Did you do something to her?
[breathing shakily]
Did you hurt her?
[whispering]
No. No.
Then. what?
What did you do?
[♪ soft. solemn music playing]
I saved her.
[door opens. closes]
[bird cawing]
[gate creaking]
[melted snow dripping]
- [birds cawing]
- [chair creaking]
[♪ muffled rock music playing]
[light scraping]
[♪ "Love Buzz" by Nirvana
playing over speakers]
[soft metallic clinking]
[scrubbing]
♪ Please don't deceive me
when I hurt you ♪
♪ Just ain't the way it seems ♪
♪ Can you feel my love buzz? ♪
♪ Can you feel
my love buzz? ♪
- ♪ Can you feel my love buzz? ♪
- [gun clicks. thuds]
[heavy knocks at door]
♪ Can you feel my love buzz? ♪
- [♪ music stops]
- Coming.
[sighs]
Hi.
Came to pick you up.
- Oh. you're on this run?
- Uh-huh.
Uh. give me a second.
Take as much time as you need.
Two minutes.
Uh...
I. uh. heard you were getting
stuck on the fence today.
- Mm.
- How'd you get out of that?
- Tommy.
- [whispering] Tommy.
[normal] Ooh. where'd
you get the holster?
Dominique.
Traded some old boots for it.
- [clears throat]
- Huh.
Should've kept the boots.
- [sighs]
- Here. let me help.
- I can do it.
- Oh. it's okay.
I got it.
There we go.
Just like that.
Hold on.
Let me get this part here.
Yep. 'Cause now...
There we go.
[sighs]
- Better?
- Yeah. better.
Look at you
with all that hardware.
You're like Curtis and Viper.
You know th-those movies
Joel likes?
Yeah. I know.
I was actually gonna
maybe watch them
tomorrow night with him.
if you wanna join.
Patrol?
Yeah.
Yeah. patrol.
- Why. thank you.
- You're welcome.
Yeah.
[horse snorts]
Hey. Shimmer.
- [whispering] Hi. girl.
- [Shimmer grunts]
[Dina] Ellie.
[sighs]
[people chattering]
[horse whinnies]
[Jesse]
Oh. there we go.
Okay. we're five minutes behind
because of one or two of you.
so I'll make it short.
You're doing the Alpine run.
I know a couple of you are
new to this trail. so listen up.
You're taking Route 191
down to Hoback.
- Yes. Dina.
- Hi.
Um. should we stick to the road.
scan the countryside.
hit our checkpoints.
and sign the log books?
[chuckles] You know what?
That sounds great.
But while you're doing all that.
we've got reports of strays.
So. be careful
when you get into the town.
Now. I see Ellie over here
looking like Curtis and Viper.
- The fuck?
- [Jesse] So. let me remind you.
this is just a recon patrol.
If you see one or two runners.
that's fine. clear 'em out.
Anything more. anything worse.
you come on back and we
send out a squad. Understood?
You know you're only. like.
four years older than us. right?
Just say. "Understood."
- Understood.
- Thank you.
Your patrol leader is Kat.
so you will follow her orders.
[metal clanking]
When you're back. today's
all-clear sign is yellow.
Yellow. good.
Green. bad.
Jokes aside. can you take
things a little more seriously?
The others look up to you two.
For some fuckin' reason.
Okay. Alpine run. moving out!
[gate guard] Alpine run!
Moving out. let's go!
- [people chattering]
- [horses snorting]
[♪ curious music playing]
[gate rattling]
[doors thud]
[horses grunting softly]
So. you going tonight?
Yes. I'm going.
Taking anyone?
- No.
- Why not?
- Kat's available.
- Why would I ask Kat?
Because she's the other one.
- Oh. my God.
- What?
You used to with her.
And she definitely
left her mark.
Right. yes. thank you.
But no.
Ohh.
You're into someone else.
Tell you what.
You can go with me.
We can get baked.
We can dance
to the smooth tunes of...
what are they called?
Britney and the Jug Boys.
It'll be fun!
We'll count down
to the New Year together.
BFFs. 2029.
- Aren't you and Jesse...?
- No.
Broke up.
Yes. again.
For now.
What is it with you two?
I don't know.
[Kat] Whoa!
[Ellie clicks tongue]
[♪ tense. curious music playing]
[Dina pants]
- Let's go.
- [chuckles]
- Okay. We're on.
- [Kat] Wait.
- [Dina clicks tongue] - We
should go back and report it.
We're recon. Kat.
Let's fuckin' recon.
Wait. guys!
Hey. come on.
Guys!
[♪ unsettling music playing]
[Ellie whistling]
[Dina] Ugh.
How many infected does it take
to bring down a bear?
- [Ellie] Check out the van.
- [Dina] Ah!
So. they've been sheltering
in the market.
[Ellie] Yeah. it looks like at
least one of them made it back in.
Maybe needed a nap
after chomping that poor thing.
[Ellie] Yeah.
Hey...
what do you call
a grizzly's ribs?
Bear-b-cue.
Did you just make that up?
- Yeah.
- Bear-b-cue?
- Seriously?
[both laughing]
- [Dina sighs]
- [Ellie chuckles]
So. you think Hungry Boy
is still alive in there?
Fuckin' hope so.
- Good. Oh.
- [horse snorts]
Hi. Oh. hi there.
- Here comes fun.
- [Dina] Hi.
[Kat] Oh. my God.
- Happy?
- [Ellie] Mm.
[grunting]
Hey. can we go back now. please?
Uh. yeah. we will.
Promise.
We're just gonna listen quick.
see if any are in there.
which is definitely recon.
Hey. you know. maybe there's a regular
person who's trapped and needs help.
Yeah. what if there's
a family in there?
What if there's a toddler?
Or a baby?
There's no babies in there.
- Hey. come on.
- [Ellie sighs]
[Kat] Rules!
Fine.
If you hear anything.
you come right back.
Okay.
You just gonna let 'em go in?
I'll give 'em five minutes.
[muffled screeching]
Two on one.
[exhales sharply]
[muffled clicking]
[screeching]
[high-pitched shrieking]
Okay. so one on one.
We've done that before.
[distant growling]
[distant screeching]
If you'd rather let
the men handle it.
[growling continues]
[distant screeching continues]
[distant growling]
[soft. distant clicking]
[distant screeching]
[screeching. clicking continue]
[soft growling]
[snarling. clicking]
[loud screeching]
[distant screeching]
[whispering] Two.
[mouthing]
The bottle.
[distant clicking. snarling]
[imitates choking]
[♪ tense music playing]
[distant snarling]
[loud screeching]
- [glass shatters]
- [loud shrieking]
[snarling. clicking]
[shrieking]
- [♪ tense music continues]
- [Ellie breathing heavily]
[floor boards creaking]
[grunting and shouting]
- [Ellie grunting]
- [clicker choking. gurgling]
[sighs]
Fuck yeah.
Did you get bit? Do I have
to shoot you in the face?
- Not today.
- Okay.
- Nice.
- [panting]
[chuckling] Oh. my God.
before we leave.
you gotta check out
the employee...
[screaming]
- [crashing]
- [Dina] Ellie!
Ellie! Ellie!
[coughing]
Ellie. are you okay?
[groaning]
I'm good.
- [Dina sighs]
- [Ellie coughs]
No... [coughing] Nothing's
broken. I don't think.
- [Dina] Oh. shit.
- [Ellie coughs]
Are you alone?
Uh...
[wind whistling]
I don't hear anything.
I think we're good.
[groaning]
[sighs]
[groans]
[Dina] Alright. uh. let's
figure out how to get you out.
Uh. I don't see a way out.
- A bunch of padlocked doors.
- Okay.
It's too far for me
to drop down.
so I can find
a stairway or something
and figure out a path
back up here.
- Just stay put.
- Yeah.
Ellie?
Stay put.
- Yeah.
- Alright.
[wind whistling]
[scurrying]
[distant groan]
[♪ tense. unsettling
music playing]
[soft rasping]
[♪ music intensifies]
[rifle cocking loudly]
[♪ music fades]
[wind whistling]
[♪ tense music playing]
- [panting]
- [glass crushing]
[♪ tense music continues]
[sighs]
[distant gasping]
[gurgling. gasping]
[straining. grunting]
Run at me. fucker!
Run at me!
- [yelps]
- [Ellie gasps]
[panting]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[breathing heavily]
[softly grunts]
[Ellie panting]
[grunting]
[wheezing]
[softly grunting]
[groans]
- [shouting]
- [gunshot blasts]
[debris clatters]
[screaming]
[grunting. shouting]
- [grunting]
- [gunshot]
[gunshot]
[infected groaning]
[breathing heavily]
Fuck.
[Dina] Ellie. are you
okay?! Ellie. it's me!
[panting] Over here!
[running footsteps]
[panting]
Oh. shit. You okay?
Yeah.
[Dina exhales sharply]
- That was it?
- [Ellie groans]
- Just her?
- Just her.
[wind whistling]
[Tommy] So. you're
saying it was. what?
Smart?
I'm not saying
it could do math or anything.
but it didn't run at me.
It did what we do...
took cover. planned. waited.
lured me in.
Stalking.
- And you saw this?
- [Dina] Mm-hmm.
It was exactly like Ellie says.
And how exactly does
you two runnin' into
an uncleared building
qualify as following the rules
and obeying your captain?
Well. it wasn't like
this is our first time.
We've killed
a lot of infected before.
And you're telling me. what. if it were
you and Joel. you wouldn't have gone in?
- Well. that ain't the same.
- [Ellie] Why?
- 'Cause it's different.
- How?
Alright.
Apologize to Kat
and log your report
with Jesse. Go.
[door opens. closes]
Do we believe them?
Dina was lying.
She didn't see anything.
But I believe Ellie.
Maybe this smart one
was a one-off.
Maybe.
But what about the other six
that brought down the grizzly?
Yeah. well. six ain't good.
but it's not exactly a horde.
Not yet.
I don't know. just lately.
I've had a feeling.
A feeling?
"Reality is nothing
but a collective hunch."
- Lily Tomlin.
- [Maria chuckles softly]
Four hours till New Year's.
We adjourned?
Adjourned.
[council members
muttering indistinctly]
[Ellie sighs]
[♪ gentle music playing]
[softly winces]
[grunting]
[exhales slowly]
[knife clatters]
[knocking]
Come in.
Ellie.
[lights click]
- Better?
- Nope.
Okay.
Just come to see if you were
going to that thing tonight.
Be good to show your face.
I don't know.
Yeah. uh. maybe.
You been playin' much?
Enough. yeah.
[clears throat]
[guitar string ringing]
[Joel]
Strings are shot.
- Well... - I'll put some
new ones on for ya.
Oh. you don't have
to do that. I...
I can get it back tomorrow.
[door closes]
[♪ "Little Sadie"
by Crooked Still playing]
[people chattering. laughing]
[children shouting]
[dog barking]
♪ I woke up in the morning
about half-past-nine ♪
♪ The hacks and the buggies
standin' in line ♪
♪ Gents and gamblers
standin' around ♪
♪ Takin' Little Sadie
to her burying ground ♪
♪ I began to think of
what a deed I'd done ♪
[Dina] Whoo!
[laughter. chatter continue]
♪ Made a good run.
just a little too slow ♪
♪ They overtook me
in Jericho ♪
[laughing] Oh. sorry!
♪
[chuckles softly]
♪ Standin' on the corner
a reading a bill ♪
[Dina laughing]
- Woo!
- [chatter continues]
♪ Remember the night you
shot Sadie down? ♪
♪ I said. "Oh yes sir.
but my name is Lee... ♪
Oh. I hate these things.
Tell me about it.
Had to get half-drunk
just to show up.
She's putting on quite the show.
- [chuckles softly]
- [guest] Happy New Year!
[♪ plays flourishing finish]
[laughing]
[cheering and applause]
You guys will be back
together in two weeks. tops.
Not gonna happen.
- Why?
- Ellie! Hey!
What took you so long?
[performer] Okay. this
next one is a little slower.
- It's one of our favorites.
- Come on!
- But...
- Let's go!
Hey. don't forget.
you got early patrol.
- so get some rest.
- Sir. yes. sir.
[♪ "Ecstasy"
by Crooked Still playing]
[both giggling]
Okay. I have a very serious
question for you.
- How bad do I smell?
- [chuckles]
[inhales deeply]
Like a hot pile of garbage.
Oh. okay.
- [chuckles]
- Yeah.
Oh! Oh!
[laughing]
- Gross.
- [laughing]
- You're so drunk.
- Uh-uh.
I'm high.
Smoked a lot.
Mm.
♪ Oh. when shall
I see Jesus ♪
♪ And reign
with him above ♪
♪ And from
the flowing fountain ♪
♪ Drink everlasting love ♪
Every guy in this room
is staring at you right now.
♪ Oh. had I wings
I would fly ♪
♪ Fly away ♪
Maybe they're staring at you.
They're not.
Maybe...
they're jealous of you.
No reason to be.
I'm not a threat.
♪ Whene'er you
meet with troubles... ♪
[whispering]
Oh. Ellie.
I think they should be
terrified of you.
♪ Cast all your cares
on Jesus ♪
♪ And don't forget to pray ♪
♪ Ooh. had I wings
I would fly ♪
♪ Fly away ♪
[Seth] Hey.
It's a family event.
Sorry.
Sorry!
[people murmuring]
- [scoffs]
- [Seth] You're in a church.
- Dykes.
- The fuck did you just say?
[Dina] Ellie. no. Ellie.
- [grunting]
- [crowd gasping]
[Joel]
Get the hell outta here.
- [crowd murmuring]
- [guest] Jesus!
- Seth. let's...
- [grunting]
Let's take a walk.
Come on. Let's go.
Are you okay?
What is wrong with you?
I don't need your fucking help.
[♪ soft. solemn music playing]
[crowd murmuring]
Right.
[door opens. shuts]
[Ellie sighs]
[people laughing]
[people cheering]
- [guest 1] There ya go!
- [cheering continues]
[guest 2] Cheers!
[guest 3] Happy fucking
New Year! [laughing]
[distant laughter.
cheering continue]
[♪ guitar softly playing]
[♪ stops playing guitar]
[wind blowing]
- Same thing.
- [laughing] I know.
We started
at the party too. man.
- I know.
- [laughing]
Oh! Whoo!
Oh. my God.
[people chattering]
[♪ tense. unsettling
music playing]
[fungus crackling]
[heavy breathing]
[♪ music intensifies]
>>>>oakislandtk
www.opensubtitles.org
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm